Fix link to documentation (#234)
consuldemocracy/installer: README.md

Create your [fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)

> Setup locally for your [development environment](https://docs.consuldemocracy.org/tech_docs/#configuration-for-development-and-test-environments)

Reviewer: I think the equivalent link is under "Installation -> Local installation". Correct me if I'm wrong!

```suggestion
Setup locally for your [development environment](https://docs.consuldemocracy.org/tech_docs/introduction-1/local_installation)
```
